# Welcome to RandomDAO git repository

This project aims to initiate a fully-decentralized randomness service that serves decentralized applications.



## On-Chain Randomness
Can be used by on-chain applications such as DeFI, gaming, social etc.

The issue of on-chain randomness is that it cannot be generated by EVM, the reason is that node operators then can control random outcomes hence can pick non-random values as random. [On-chain randomness intro](https://media.dedaub.com/bad-randomness-is-even-dicier-than-you-think-7fa2c6e0c2cd).

Currently there exists centralized solutions only such as [Chainlink VRF](https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/introduction/) service.

---

## RandomDAO Solution

RandomDAO is a platform for generating random numbers (aka randomness) by collaborating with a huge number of "randomness operators", which are individuals that are feeding the RandomDAO smart contract by random numbers (aka randomness).


## RandomDAO Network
RandomDAO formed as a network of independent (unrelated) individuals, whose main logic is to give any individual, having access to the internet, an equal opportunity to get incentives by using PoW fashion network, in exchange for an on-chain feeding by random numbers.

RandomDAO creates an exchange for randomness feeds in order to attract as many independent individuals as possible, where all individuals have the same chances to be feeders for each block (a competition).

As long as the RandomDAO network will be bigger than the randomness outcome will be more "random".

## Random Coin

Is an ERC20 token that is minted by an automated smart contract, for every random number fed by an individual. Once a random number (as a feed) is verified by RandomDAO smart contract it mint new coins for the feeder (individual).

RandomDAO smart contract produces competition between operators to give the 

## Consumers
Are on-chain applications (or smart contracts) that operate automated actions based on randomness (or random numbers). Access was made through RandomDAO's smart contract and allowed only for consumers that had active staking of Random Coin.

---

